test_result.md, before:

#====================================================================================================
# START - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================

# THIS SECTION CONTAINS CRITICAL TESTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR BOTH AGENTS
# BOTH MAIN_AGENT AND TESTING_AGENT MUST PRESERVE THIS ENTIRE BLOCK

# Communication Protocol:
# If the `testing_agent` is available, main agent should delegate all testing tasks to it.
#
# You have access to a file called `test_result.md`. This file contains the complete testing state
# and history, and is the primary means of communication between main and the testing agent.
#
# Main and testing agents must follow this exact format to maintain testing data. 
# The testing data must be entered in yaml format Below is the data structure:
# 
## user_problem_statement: {problem_statement}
## backend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.py"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## frontend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.js"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## metadata:
##   created_by: "main_agent"
##   version: "1.0"
##   test_sequence: 0
##   run_ui: false
##
## test_plan:
##   current_focus:
##     - "Task name 1"
##     - "Task name 2"
##   stuck_tasks:
##     - "Task name with persistent issues"
##   test_all: false
##   test_priority: "high_first"  # or "sequential" or "stuck_first"
##
## agent_communication:
##     -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##     -message: "Communication message between agents"

# Protocol Guidelines for Main agent
#
# 1. Update Test Result File Before Testing:
#    - Main agent must always update the `test_result.md` file before calling the testing agent
#    - Add implementation details to the status_history
#    - Set `needs_retesting` to true for tasks that need testing
#    - Update the `test_plan` section to guide testing priorities
#    - Add a message to `agent_communication` explaining what you've done
#
# 2. Incorporate User Feedback:
#    - When a user provides feedback that something is or isn't working, add this information to the relevant task's status_history
#    - Update the working status based on user feedback
#    - If a user reports an issue with a task that was marked as working, increment the stuck_count
#    - Whenever user reports issue in the app, if we have testing agent and task_result.md file so find the appropriate task for that and append in status_history of that task to contain the user concern and problem as well 
#
# 3. Track Stuck Tasks:
#    - Monitor which tasks have high stuck_count values or where you are fixing same issue again and again, analyze that when you read task_result.md
#    - For persistent issues, use websearch tool to find solutions
#    - Pay special attention to tasks in the stuck_tasks list
#    - When you fix an issue with a stuck task, don't reset the stuck_count until the testing agent confirms it's working
#
# 4. Provide Context to Testing Agent:
#    - When calling the testing agent, provide clear instructions about:
#      - Which tasks need testing (reference the test_plan)
#      - Any authentication details or configuration needed
#      - Specific test scenarios to focus on
#      - Any known issues or edge cases to verify
#
# 5. Call the testing agent with specific instructions referring to test_result.md
#
# IMPORTANT: Main agent must ALWAYS update test_result.md BEFORE calling the testing agent, as it relies on this file to understand what to test next.

#====================================================================================================
# END - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================



#====================================================================================================
# Testing Data - Main Agent and testing sub agent both should log testing data below this section
#====================================================================================================

user_problem_statement: "Build pool management software (PoolPro) with customer management, pool tracking, chemical readings, jobs, quotes, invoices, routes, alerts, and reporting features. Phase 1: Customers & Pools (COMPLETE). Phase 2: Job Management Workflow (Quotes, Jobs, Invoices) - IN PROGRESS."

backend:
  - task: "Customer CRUD API endpoints"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/routers/customers.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created customers router with GET all customers, GET customer by ID, POST create customer, PUT update customer, DELETE customer endpoints. Connected to MongoDB."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "All customer CRUD operations tested successfully. GET /api/customers/ returns 5 seeded customers with correct structure. GET /api/customers/{id} retrieves specific customer with pools and chemical readings. POST /api/customers/ creates new customer with auto-generated cust-{uuid} ID. PUT /api/customers/{id} updates customer fields correctly. DELETE /api/customers/{id} removes customer and returns 404 on subsequent access. Fixed routing issue with trailing slash requirement."
  
  - task: "Pool management endpoints"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/routers/customers.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created endpoints to add pools to customers and manage chemical readings. POST /customers/{id}/pools to add pool, POST /customers/{id}/pools/{pool_id}/readings to add chemical readings."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "Pool management endpoints working correctly. POST /api/customers/{id}/pools successfully adds new pool with auto-generated pool-{uuid} ID. POST /api/customers/{id}/pools/{pool_id}/readings adds chemical reading and updates last_service date. GET /api/customers/{id}/pools/{pool_id}/readings retrieves all chemical readings for specific pool. Proper 404 error handling for invalid customer/pool IDs."

  - task: "Database models for customers and pools"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/models.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created Pydantic models: Customer, CustomerCreate, CustomerUpdate, Pool, PoolCreate, ChemReading, ChemReadingCreate with proper validation and typing."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "Database models working correctly. Customer model includes all required fields (id, name, email, phone, address, status, pools, etc.) with proper validation. Pool model has correct structure with equipment list and chemical readings. ChemReading model validates fc, ph, ta, ch, cya values. Status validation accepts 'active', 'paused', 'inactive' values. Auto-generated IDs with proper prefixes (cust-, pool-)."

  - task: "Database seeding with initial data"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/seed_data.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created seed script with 5 customers and their pools with chemical readings. Successfully seeded database with initial data."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "Database seeding working correctly. Successfully populated database with 5 customers (cust-1 through cust-5) with realistic data including pools and chemical readings. All customers have proper structure with pools containing historical chemical readings. Data includes variety of pool types (In-Ground, Above-Ground, Spa/Hot Tub) and different customer statuses."

  - task: "Quote CRUD API endpoints"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/routers/quotes.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created quotes router with GET all, GET by ID, POST create, PUT update, DELETE endpoints. Added approve/decline quote actions. Connected to MongoDB."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "All 7 quote API endpoints tested successfully. GET /api/quotes/ returns 4 seeded quotes with correct structure. GET /api/quotes/{id} retrieves specific quote with items and calculations. POST /api/quotes/ creates new quote with auto-generated quote-{uuid} ID. PUT /api/quotes/{id} updates quote fields correctly. DELETE /api/quotes/{id} removes quote and returns 404 on subsequent access. POST /api/quotes/{id}/approve changes status to 'approved'. POST /api/quotes/{id}/decline changes status to 'declined'. All workflow actions working correctly."

  - task: "Job CRUD API endpoints"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/routers/jobs.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created jobs router with GET all (with status filter), GET by ID, POST create, PUT update, DELETE endpoints. Added start/complete job actions. Includes get by date and by technician endpoints."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "All 9 job API endpoints tested successfully. GET /api/jobs/ returns 6 seeded jobs with correct structure and status filtering. GET /api/jobs/{id} retrieves specific job with all details. POST /api/jobs/ creates new job with auto-generated job-{uuid} ID. PUT /api/jobs/{id} updates job fields correctly. DELETE /api/jobs/{id} removes job and returns 404 on subsequent access. POST /api/jobs/{id}/start changes status to 'in-progress'. POST /api/jobs/{id}/complete changes status to 'completed' and sets completed_at timestamp. GET /api/jobs/by-date/{date} filters jobs by scheduled date. GET /api/jobs/by-technician/{technician} filters jobs by assigned technician. All workflow and filtering endpoints working correctly."

  - task: "Invoice CRUD API endpoints"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/routers/invoices.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created invoices router with GET all (with status filter), GET by ID, POST create, PUT update, DELETE endpoints. Added send invoice and pay invoice actions. Includes get by customer endpoint."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "All 5 invoice API endpoints tested successfully. Fixed missing await keywords in send_invoice, pay_invoice, and get_invoices_by_customer endpoints. GET /api/invoices/ returns 5 seeded invoices with correct structure and various statuses. GET /api/invoices/{id} retrieves specific invoice with line items and calculations. POST /api/invoices/ creates new invoice with auto-generated inv-{uuid} ID and correct balance_due calculation. PUT /api/invoices/{id} updates invoice fields including payment tracking - paid_amount updates automatically recalculate balance_due and status. DELETE /api/invoices/{id} removes invoice and returns 404 on subsequent access. Payment tracking working correctly with automatic status updates to 'paid' when balance_due reaches zero."

  - task: "Job management database models"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/models.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Added Quote, Job, and Invoice models with proper validation. Includes QuoteItem, InvoiceLineItem models. All create/update models defined."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "Database models working correctly. Quote model includes all required fields (id, customer_id, customer_name, status, items, subtotal, tax, total) with proper validation. Job model has correct structure with service_type, scheduled_date, technician, and status fields. Invoice model validates line_items, payment tracking (paid_amount, balance_due), and status transitions. QuoteItem and InvoiceLineItem models validate quantity, unit_price, and total calculations. Auto-generated IDs with proper prefixes (quote-, job-, inv-) working correctly. All status validations accept expected values."

  - task: "Job management data seeding"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/seed_jobs_data.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created seed script for quotes (4), jobs (6), and invoices (5) with realistic data. Includes various statuses and relationships between entities."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "Database seeding working correctly. Successfully populated database with 4 quotes (pending, approved, declined statuses), 6 jobs (scheduled, in-progress, completed statuses), and 5 invoices (draft, sent, paid, overdue statuses). All entities have realistic data with proper relationships between quotes, jobs, and invoices. Seeded data includes variety of service types, technicians, and payment statuses. Data accessible through all API endpoints with correct structure and calculations."

frontend:
  - task: "Customer page integration with backend API"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/frontend/src/pages/Customers.jsx"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Updated Customers page to fetch data from real API instead of mock data. Added loading and error states. Using REACT_APP_BACKEND_URL environment variable."
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Verified integration - Frontend successfully fetches customer data from backend API. All services running properly. Phase 1 complete!"

  - task: "Remove Emergent branding"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/frontend/public/index.html"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Removed 'Made with Emergent' badge, changed title to 'PoolPro | Pool Management Software', updated meta description."

metadata:
  created_by: "main_agent"
  version: "1.0"
  test_sequence: 1
  run_ui: false

test_plan:
  current_focus: []
  stuck_tasks: []
  test_all: false
  test_priority: "high_first"

agent_communication:
  - agent: "main"
    message: "Phase 1 implementation complete. Created full customer and pool management backend with MongoDB integration. Customers API has GET all, GET by ID, POST create, PUT update, DELETE endpoints plus pool and chemical reading management. Frontend Customers page now fetches from real API with loading/error states. Ready for backend testing. Please test all customer CRUD operations, pool addition, and chemical reading endpoints."
  - agent: "testing"
    message: "Backend testing completed successfully! All 11 test cases passed. Fixed critical routing issue where POST requests to /api/customers were getting 307 redirects due to missing trailing slash. All customer CRUD operations, pool management, and chemical reading endpoints are working correctly. Database models validate properly, seeded data is accessible, and error handling returns appropriate 404 responses. Backend APIs are production-ready for Phase 1."
  - agent: "main"
    message: "✅ PHASE 1 COMPLETE! Customer & Pool management fully implemented and working. Backend APIs tested and verified. Frontend successfully integrated and displaying real data from MongoDB. All services running. Ready to proceed with Phase 2: Job Management Workflow (Quotes, Jobs, Invoices)."
  - agent: "main"
    message: "Phase 2 backend implementation started. Created models for Quotes, Jobs, and Invoices. Created routers with CRUD operations for each. Seeded database with 4 quotes, 6 jobs, and 5 invoices. Backend APIs ready for testing."
  - agent: "testing"
    message: "✅ PHASE 2 BACKEND TESTING COMPLETE! All 24 test cases passed successfully. Fixed critical async/await issues in invoices router. Comprehensive testing completed for all Phase 2 APIs: Quotes (7 endpoints), Jobs (9 endpoints), Invoices (5 endpoints). Job management models validate correctly, seeded data accessible. All CRUD operations, workflow actions (approve/decline quotes, start/complete jobs), and payment tracking working perfectly. Backend APIs are production-ready for Phase 2."rror handling (3 tests). All CRUD operations working correctly, workflow actions (approve/decline quotes, start/complete jobs) functioning properly, payment tracking in invoices calculating balance_due automatically, proper 404 error handling for invalid IDs, auto-generated IDs with correct prefixes (quote-, job-, inv-), and database operations working correctly with async/await. No AsyncIOMotorCursor errors detected. All endpoints return proper JSON responses. Phase 2 backend APIs are production-ready!"

Commit message:

auto-commit for ebe1e680-665f-4c5c-add1-91f78d792788

test_result.md, after:

#====================================================================================================
# START - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================

# THIS SECTION CONTAINS CRITICAL TESTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR BOTH AGENTS
# BOTH MAIN_AGENT AND TESTING_AGENT MUST PRESERVE THIS ENTIRE BLOCK

# Communication Protocol:
# If the `testing_agent` is available, main agent should delegate all testing tasks to it.
#
# You have access to a file called `test_result.md`. This file contains the complete testing state
# and history, and is the primary means of communication between main and the testing agent.
#
# Main and testing agents must follow this exact format to maintain testing data. 
# The testing data must be entered in yaml format Below is the data structure:
# 
## user_problem_statement: {problem_statement}
## backend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.py"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## frontend:
##   - task: "Task name"
##     implemented: true
##     working: true  # or false or "NA"
##     file: "file_path.js"
##     stuck_count: 0
##     priority: "high"  # or "medium" or "low"
##     needs_retesting: false
##     status_history:
##         -working: true  # or false or "NA"
##         -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##         -comment: "Detailed comment about status"
##
## metadata:
##   created_by: "main_agent"
##   version: "1.0"
##   test_sequence: 0
##   run_ui: false
##
## test_plan:
##   current_focus:
##     - "Task name 1"
##     - "Task name 2"
##   stuck_tasks:
##     - "Task name with persistent issues"
##   test_all: false
##   test_priority: "high_first"  # or "sequential" or "stuck_first"
##
## agent_communication:
##     -agent: "main"  # or "testing" or "user"
##     -message: "Communication message between agents"

# Protocol Guidelines for Main agent
#
# 1. Update Test Result File Before Testing:
#    - Main agent must always update the `test_result.md` file before calling the testing agent
#    - Add implementation details to the status_history
#    - Set `needs_retesting` to true for tasks that need testing
#    - Update the `test_plan` section to guide testing priorities
#    - Add a message to `agent_communication` explaining what you've done
#
# 2. Incorporate User Feedback:
#    - When a user provides feedback that something is or isn't working, add this information to the relevant task's status_history
#    - Update the working status based on user feedback
#    - If a user reports an issue with a task that was marked as working, increment the stuck_count
#    - Whenever user reports issue in the app, if we have testing agent and task_result.md file so find the appropriate task for that and append in status_history of that task to contain the user concern and problem as well 
#
# 3. Track Stuck Tasks:
#    - Monitor which tasks have high stuck_count values or where you are fixing same issue again and again, analyze that when you read task_result.md
#    - For persistent issues, use websearch tool to find solutions
#    - Pay special attention to tasks in the stuck_tasks list
#    - When you fix an issue with a stuck task, don't reset the stuck_count until the testing agent confirms it's working
#
# 4. Provide Context to Testing Agent:
#    - When calling the testing agent, provide clear instructions about:
#      - Which tasks need testing (reference the test_plan)
#      - Any authentication details or configuration needed
#      - Specific test scenarios to focus on
#      - Any known issues or edge cases to verify
#
# 5. Call the testing agent with specific instructions referring to test_result.md
#
# IMPORTANT: Main agent must ALWAYS update test_result.md BEFORE calling the testing agent, as it relies on this file to understand what to test next.

#====================================================================================================
# END - Testing Protocol - DO NOT EDIT OR REMOVE THIS SECTION
#====================================================================================================



#====================================================================================================
# Testing Data - Main Agent and testing sub agent both should log testing data below this section
#====================================================================================================

user_problem_statement: "Build pool management software (PoolPro) with customer management, pool tracking, chemical readings, jobs, quotes, invoices, routes, alerts, and reporting features. Phase 1: Customers & Pools (COMPLETE). Phase 2: Job Management Workflow (Quotes, Jobs, Invoices) - IN PROGRESS."

backend:
  - task: "Customer CRUD API endpoints"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/routers/customers.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created customers router with GET all customers, GET customer by ID, POST create customer, PUT update customer, DELETE customer endpoints. Connected to MongoDB."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "All customer CRUD operations tested successfully. GET /api/customers/ returns 5 seeded customers with correct structure. GET /api/customers/{id} retrieves specific customer with pools and chemical readings. POST /api/customers/ creates new customer with auto-generated cust-{uuid} ID. PUT /api/customers/{id} updates customer fields correctly. DELETE /api/customers/{id} removes customer and returns 404 on subsequent access. Fixed routing issue with trailing slash requirement."
  
  - task: "Pool management endpoints"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/routers/customers.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created endpoints to add pools to customers and manage chemical readings. POST /customers/{id}/pools to add pool, POST /customers/{id}/pools/{pool_id}/readings to add chemical readings."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "Pool management endpoints working correctly. POST /api/customers/{id}/pools successfully adds new pool with auto-generated pool-{uuid} ID. POST /api/customers/{id}/pools/{pool_id}/readings adds chemical reading and updates last_service date. GET /api/customers/{id}/pools/{pool_id}/readings retrieves all chemical readings for specific pool. Proper 404 error handling for invalid customer/pool IDs."

  - task: "Database models for customers and pools"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/models.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created Pydantic models: Customer, CustomerCreate, CustomerUpdate, Pool, PoolCreate, ChemReading, ChemReadingCreate with proper validation and typing."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "Database models working correctly. Customer model includes all required fields (id, name, email, phone, address, status, pools, etc.) with proper validation. Pool model has correct structure with equipment list and chemical readings. ChemReading model validates fc, ph, ta, ch, cya values. Status validation accepts 'active', 'paused', 'inactive' values. Auto-generated IDs with proper prefixes (cust-, pool-)."

  - task: "Database seeding with initial data"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/seed_data.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created seed script with 5 customers and their pools with chemical readings. Successfully seeded database with initial data."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "Database seeding working correctly. Successfully populated database with 5 customers (cust-1 through cust-5) with realistic data including pools and chemical readings. All customers have proper structure with pools containing historical chemical readings. Data includes variety of pool types (In-Ground, Above-Ground, Spa/Hot Tub) and different customer statuses."

  - task: "Quote CRUD API endpoints"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/routers/quotes.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created quotes router with GET all, GET by ID, POST create, PUT update, DELETE endpoints. Added approve/decline quote actions. Connected to MongoDB."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "All 7 quote API endpoints tested successfully. GET /api/quotes/ returns 4 seeded quotes with correct structure. GET /api/quotes/{id} retrieves specific quote with items and calculations. POST /api/quotes/ creates new quote with auto-generated quote-{uuid} ID. PUT /api/quotes/{id} updates quote fields correctly. DELETE /api/quotes/{id} removes quote and returns 404 on subsequent access. POST /api/quotes/{id}/approve changes status to 'approved'. POST /api/quotes/{id}/decline changes status to 'declined'. All workflow actions working correctly."

  - task: "Job CRUD API endpoints"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/routers/jobs.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created jobs router with GET all (with status filter), GET by ID, POST create, PUT update, DELETE endpoints. Added start/complete job actions. Includes get by date and by technician endpoints."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "All 9 job API endpoints tested successfully. GET /api/jobs/ returns 6 seeded jobs with correct structure and status filtering. GET /api/jobs/{id} retrieves specific job with all details. POST /api/jobs/ creates new job with auto-generated job-{uuid} ID. PUT /api/jobs/{id} updates job fields correctly. DELETE /api/jobs/{id} removes job and returns 404 on subsequent access. POST /api/jobs/{id}/start changes status to 'in-progress'. POST /api/jobs/{id}/complete changes status to 'completed' and sets completed_at timestamp. GET /api/jobs/by-date/{date} filters jobs by scheduled date. GET /api/jobs/by-technician/{technician} filters jobs by assigned technician. All workflow and filtering endpoints working correctly."

  - task: "Invoice CRUD API endpoints"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/routers/invoices.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created invoices router with GET all (with status filter), GET by ID, POST create, PUT update, DELETE endpoints. Added send invoice and pay invoice actions. Includes get by customer endpoint."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "All 5 invoice API endpoints tested successfully. Fixed missing await keywords in send_invoice, pay_invoice, and get_invoices_by_customer endpoints. GET /api/invoices/ returns 5 seeded invoices with correct structure and various statuses. GET /api/invoices/{id} retrieves specific invoice with line items and calculations. POST /api/invoices/ creates new invoice with auto-generated inv-{uuid} ID and correct balance_due calculation. PUT /api/invoices/{id} updates invoice fields including payment tracking - paid_amount updates automatically recalculate balance_due and status. DELETE /api/invoices/{id} removes invoice and returns 404 on subsequent access. Payment tracking working correctly with automatic status updates to 'paid' when balance_due reaches zero."

  - task: "Job management database models"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/models.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Added Quote, Job, and Invoice models with proper validation. Includes QuoteItem, InvoiceLineItem models. All create/update models defined."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "Database models working correctly. Quote model includes all required fields (id, customer_id, customer_name, status, items, subtotal, tax, total) with proper validation. Job model has correct structure with service_type, scheduled_date, technician, and status fields. Invoice model validates line_items, payment tracking (paid_amount, balance_due), and status transitions. QuoteItem and InvoiceLineItem models validate quantity, unit_price, and total calculations. Auto-generated IDs with proper prefixes (quote-, job-, inv-) working correctly. All status validations accept expected values."

  - task: "Job management data seeding"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/backend/seed_jobs_data.py"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Created seed script for quotes (4), jobs (6), and invoices (5) with realistic data. Includes various statuses and relationships between entities."
      - working: true
        agent: "testing"
        comment: "Database seeding working correctly. Successfully populated database with 4 quotes (pending, approved, declined statuses), 6 jobs (scheduled, in-progress, completed statuses), and 5 invoices (draft, sent, paid, overdue statuses). All entities have realistic data with proper relationships between quotes, jobs, and invoices. Seeded data includes variety of service types, technicians, and payment statuses. Data accessible through all API endpoints with correct structure and calculations."

frontend:
  - task: "Customer page integration with backend API"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/frontend/src/pages/Customers.jsx"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: "NA"
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Updated Customers page to fetch data from real API instead of mock data. Added loading and error states. Using REACT_APP_BACKEND_URL environment variable."
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Verified integration - Frontend successfully fetches customer data from backend API. All services running properly. Phase 1 complete!"

  - task: "Remove Emergent branding"
    implemented: true
    working: true
    file: "/app/frontend/public/index.html"
    stuck_count: 0
    priority: "high"
    needs_retesting: false
    status_history:
      - working: true
        agent: "main"
        comment: "Removed 'Made with Emergent' badge, changed title to 'PoolPro | Pool Management Software', updated meta description."

metadata:
  created_by: "main_agent"
  version: "1.0"
  test_sequence: 1
  run_ui: false

test_plan:
  current_focus: []
  stuck_tasks: []
  test_all: false
  test_priority: "high_first"

agent_communication:
  - agent: "main"
    message: "Phase 1 implementation complete. Created full customer and pool management backend with MongoDB integration. Customers API has GET all, GET by ID, POST create, PUT update, DELETE endpoints plus pool and chemical reading management. Frontend Customers page now fetches from real API with loading/error states. Ready for backend testing. Please test all customer CRUD operations, pool addition, and chemical reading endpoints."
  - agent: "testing"
    message: "Backend testing completed successfully! All 11 test cases passed. Fixed critical routing issue where POST requests to /api/customers were getting 307 redirects due to missing trailing slash. All customer CRUD operations, pool management, and chemical reading endpoints are working correctly. Database models validate properly, seeded data is accessible, and error handling returns appropriate 404 responses. Backend APIs are production-ready for Phase 1."
  - agent: "main"
    message: "✅ PHASE 1 COMPLETE! Customer & Pool management fully implemented and working. Backend APIs tested and verified. Frontend successfully integrated and displaying real data from MongoDB. All services running. Ready to proceed with Phase 2: Job Management Workflow (Quotes, Jobs, Invoices)."
  - agent: "main"
    message: "Phase 2 backend implementation started. Created models for Quotes, Jobs, and Invoices. Created routers with CRUD operations for each. Seeded database with 4 quotes, 6 jobs, and 5 invoices. Backend APIs ready for testing."
  - agent: "testing"
    message: "✅ PHASE 2 BACKEND TESTING COMPLETE! All 24 test cases passed successfully. Fixed critical async/await issues in invoices router. Comprehensive testing completed for all Phase 2 APIs: Quotes (7 endpoints), Jobs (9 endpoints), Invoices (5 endpoints). Job management models validate correctly, seeded data accessible. All CRUD operations, workflow actions (approve/decline quotes, start/complete jobs), and payment tracking working perfectly. Backend APIs are production-ready for Phase 2."
  - agent: "main"
    message: "Phase 3 backend implementation started. Created Technician and Route models in models.py. Created routers/technicians.py with 5 CRUD endpoints. Created routers/routes.py with 11 endpoints including route management, job assignment, and reordering. Seeded database with 4 technicians and 12 routes (routes for each weekday with assigned technicians). Backend APIs ready for testing. All new routers registered in server.py and backend restarted successfully."
